---
layout: post
title: Clubbing
---

This last Saturday morning, I found myself walking up to my front door at 4am. That's the second time in as many weeks, and that's two more times than I ever thought would happen. I don't mean to imply that I find anything objectionable about it, just that I never thought I'd be the one doing it.

This particular instance came at the end of an evening of birthday celebration, one that started at a friend's apartment, continued to a ruin pub, and ended at a dance club.

I had told one of my friends earlier in the week that I wanted to go dancing for my birthday. He asked me a slew of questions, by which I mean three: what kind of music, what kind of atmosphere, and what level of inebriation? I realized I wasn't quite sure how to answer the first two questions - I'm not well versed in clubs. I told him that when it came to inebriation, I'd probably be closer to Ghandi than to Sterling Archer (to make use of his scale).

The club he decided on was Instant (pronounced EEN-shtawnt). He told me earlier in the same evening that we'd probably not head there until 1am, since the party there doesn't really get started until then. Hum. I'd had it in my head that we'd go dancing at ten and be done by one, which better facilitates rolling into bed at less-ungodly hour. But hey, it was my birthday, and I could hardly back down then.

Even at the end of the night, walking home well after most of the trams had stopped running, I didn't regret the decision. Instant was pretty wild. There were three different floors, all playing some form of electronic music: one pop music, one house music, and one whose genre I couldn't quite put a finger on. We spent most of our time between the pop and house floors.

When it came to the dancing, I found it an oddly relaxing experience. It wasn't the alcohol-fueled ecstasy that it's made out to be. Instead, I found myself very quiet. My body was in constant motion, and the music was loud enough that my ears rang most of the way home, but while I was dancing, it was very peaceful. Meditative. I think it'd be something that I did more often if it didn't mean coming home at 4am.

So for now, I think it'll be a treat, much like the other things that are fun but likely bad for your health.