---
layout: post
title: Detente
---

Two weeks ago was a sprint. It was gearing up for finals, then finals; a writeup, three tests, a liberal helping of studying (though probably not enough, in retrospect). I remember being on the far side of finals, and then in the middle of finals, thinking about what it would be like to be done; I'd have so much free time to pay attention to all of the things that I had been ignoring during that time.

Blogging was one.

But hitting the end of my last final, while relieving, brought less closure than I expected it would. It was more a sense of "what now?" than anything. People started leaving; I started thinking about traveling home, about Christmas gifts, about next semester, about life beyond graduation.

It's odd. It feels as much as anything like the end of high school. I'm saying goodbye to people; we're going our separate ways. But the experience of these past few days has been altogether positive. There's something about being in one of these transitional periods that brings everything into a sharper relief. I've made more of a conscious effort to spend time with people and make or solidify connections. I'm thinking about what I'll miss, and I'm thinking about what I'm looking forward to when I return. Simultaneously doing more and being more contemplative. Appreciating.

Not that I'd want to be in a liminal place like this forever. It would be like being a river guide - the part of the job where you meet a group of people, share a wonderful experience with them, and then forget half of their names by the next trip. It's too transient; by and large, there are no lasting connections. BSM was different in that regard. Stickier.

I'd do it again in a heartbeat, too.