---
layout: post
title: Jet Lag
---

I arrived in Budapest about 12 hours ago, and I spent 8 of those hours sleeping. It's now about midnight, and I'm not quite sure what to do - I've heard that you're just supposed to stay awake until you're theoretically supposed to go to sleep (i.e. local nighttime), but that didn't work for me today.

So I woke up at around 9pm, got dressed, and went for a walk.

Budapest has texture. It's dirty, rough around the edges. It's nothing like the airport in Helsinki - all high design and clean lines, things under construction, airy spaces and the smell of money being spent. Budapest smells earthy and floral by comparison. At once less human and more so.

I had my first meal here and got my first taste of being unable to communicate directly with another human being. There's a small amount of pantomime, a bit of wondering which words are best known from English, which words are superfluous. I ordered and paid for a gyro without too much trouble and sat in the square and ate it. It was spicy and clean and exactly hit the spot.

I'm glad that I'll be taking that class in Hungarian, if for no other reason than I'll be able to read street signs and menus. There are a few cognates I've seen as I've walked around, like szupermarket, but not as many as I'd hoped. The Philippines was easier in that regard.

It occurs to me that even if I don't end up learning that much Hungarian, I'll still learn the language of Tourist English. I tend to use more words than I need to when I speak, and when I'm communicating across a language barrier, that's not going to help in the least. I'll have to learn how to be succinct, direct, terse. How to communicate effectively without being that stereotypical American who just talks louder and slower without ever being understood.