---
layout: post
title: Sziget
---

I went to a music festival last Saturday, which has always been on my list of things to do. The festival was [Sziget](http://szigetfestival.com/), which is apparently one of the top music festivals in Europe. I can't vouch for that, it being the first music event of that size that I've ever been to, but it was certainly impressive.

My first impression was that it reminded me of Disneyland. Dirtier and louder, and geared at 20somethings. There were an incredible number of non-musical distractions, from bungee jumping to art installations, and there were more bars and food stands than you could shake a stick at. Nor was the music monopolized by the stages - every stand had its own music going, and people stopped to dance in the middle of the paths. It was cacophanous.

For being so large and chaotic, it seemed remarkably well-organized. There were always a handful of volunteers (employees?) walking around, making small dents in the layer of garbage that covered the ground with what looked like large chopsticks. You couldn't pay with cash or debit card; they required that you use the Festipass, which was a contactless pre-paid card tied to the festival. Maps were everywhere. It was difficult to become disoriented to the point of being lost.

Being there was still disorienting, however. The previous Thursday sold out at 85,000 tickets, and I wouldn't be surprised if there were 50,000 people there on the day we were there. When we got down in front of the main stage for the main event (Outkast and Calvin Harris), there must have been at least 20,000 of them dancing and shouting and drinking.

My roommate and I decided to jump right into the throng when Calvin Harris played. We got maybe halfway to the front of the crowd before we couldn't move on account of the density. Then it was just lights and sounds and bodies. I looked around and laughed when the first song was "Feel So Close." Maybe too close.

The energy was incredible, as was the bass. The spectacle was amazing. But I only lasted until about 10:30 before I started to crash. I hadn't expected it to be quite so exhausting. When I look back on it, I think it's one of those things I'm glad I did, but that I don't need to do again for a while.