Well fuck.

Tonight was weird. I'm writing this here in the hopes that I can get some sort of coherent narrative. Some sort of story that I can look at and make sense of. Right about the time that I was watching Newsroom (before, during, a little bit afterwards), I felt like I wanted to cry. This weird welling of emotion. Mostly stemming from confusion, it seems. Working out helped a lot. A whole hell of a lot. So much so that I think I'm compartmentalizing it in a major way. I'm good at that kind of thing, which is useful except when it isn't. Anyway. Backing up.

I have new friends. One of whom is one Ian McFarlane, a person whom I'm sure I will see more of. We work across the hall from each other, hired to the same position. He's an intelligent, interesting person with whom I can talk shop. I'm also very attracted to him. This is in a slightly different way than I'm used to - it's very visceral, less of an edge and more of a pull. It has me freaking out because I'm back to being afraid that I'm gay. I'm afraid to even move towards this kind of thing in the worry that I'm going to like it more than I like women. Cuz, you know, that would be a bad thing. I haven't at all embraced it. For the record, I have a feeling that Ian might be gay, just from the way that he talks and comports himself, but I have no firm evidence of this whatsoever. If he was outwardly gay, I think there would still be an interest. But I think I'd be happier in that space where I can just have a crush. It's scary when it gets real.

Namely because I haven't had the greatest experiences in the past few years with relationships. Which is both true and untrue. I really enjoyed being with Tiffany. I enjoyed being with Caryn, I enjoyed being with Sammi. But pretty much every relationship except my relationship with Caryn fucked me up in some way. Often because I feel like I fucked up. Sammi less so, because I felt like I got some sort of redemption. I'm still a decent person in her eyes. I can't deal with the thought that I'm still a bad person as far as Tiffany is concerned. I'm pretty sure she won't change her mind there. Not for the way she carried herself in everything else. She doesn't forgive, she doesn't forget. That fucked me up. I still want it even though she won't give it. Hell, I want it because she won't give it. I wouldn't do a good job of receiving it if she offered it, I think. I'm not good at receiving love. I need to work on that.

But I wonder if Tiffany hasn't turned me off of women in some way. It's weird. I was seriously attracted to Erika, even as I was finding Ben attractive, seeing Dustin in a different way. Straight and lesbian porn still arouses me, even if I don't engage with it the same way. Caryn and I had some good sex, even if I don't remember it as such. There's some way in which I'm distancing myself from being attracted to women, engaging with women in that way. I'm still attracted to them. I confirm that every time I remember having sex with Tiffany. Hell, I'd still fuck her if somehow she ended up right here, straddling me. *cough* Anyway. She fucked me up. I still haven't let that go. I still find thinking about her weird. I don't know if I want to talk to her, if I ever want to have to engage. I don't know what I'd do if she reached out to me. I still want to fix things. I want closure. That may not come. I can't hold out for it. But I still am. I want to know that I'm a good person before I go and fuck something else up.

For some reason, guys don't have the stigma. Probably because it's something new and different and exciting. The novelty kind of blows everything out of the water. I imagine my mind would be wiped completely fucking clean if I kissed a guy right now. I'm becoming more okay with the thought. I'm bisexual. Funny. I've always thought that would be kind of cool if that was the case. The more I think about it, the more that I can think of evidence from the past 8 or so years. It might be writing a story out of events, but hey, that's how history works, right?

I dunno. I want to talk to Lee about these things. He's a) knowledgeable and b) opinionated. I can take both of those things right now. I hope he's not a flake.

I have a chance here to rewrite things, and that feels more tangible... wrong word. Maybe right word, but touching in the sense of reach. Anyway. More tangible than before. I haven't decided who that's going to be yet, though. I'm going to see Ian tomorrow, and things will be the same as today - he's an interesting person, and all of what I'm experiencing is in my head. Not implying that it's invalid; just a reminder of how things work. Anyway. Bedtime is in order.